Add intro talks 2023 (#37)
kitctf/www: meetings.md

---

We are a group of students, computer security enthusiasts and [CTF](https://ctftime.org/ctf-wtf/) players mostly from the [Karlsruhe Institute of Technology](https://www.kit.edu/english). If you are interested in hacking with us, write us at [team@kitctf.de](mailto:team@kitctf.de) or come to our weekly meetings. We meet every Thursday at 7 pm in the computer science building (50.34), room -120 (sometimes in room -118).

> Starting April 27 we will have [intro talks](/intro) about the most important CTF categories, as an easy starting point for new players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting on the 27th of April, we will be holding introductory talks for the main Capture the Flag categories to help new players get started.
```
